Brother Ye Xuan
I was banned from entering the palace
But you still came to me
You're worried about me, aren't you?
This is where I used to hide when I was a kid
Keep your voice down and no one will notice
Brother Ye Xuan
Thank you for coming to me.
I'm afraid I'll be careless.
How could you be gone?
Because the person closest to me when I was a child
That's how it disappeared.
Yo, look, I brought you a bunch too
I won't disappear
I believe you.
It's just that you haven't told me yet.
What on earth are you looking for?
I'm here to see Zheng Guojian
Grandpa said Zheng Guojian
You can cut the connection between me and the eye of the sky
Allow others to make the connection.
Maybe so
Can
Reseal the Demon Realm
Really? Shh!
You said lower your voice
Really? Hmm?
Good.
Treat me as a line
I will give you Zheng Guojian.
Can't you do it now?
Now you can invite Zheng Guojian's
I'm afraid it's only my father
Not even the big brother of the supervisor
Are you going to go all the way to the national treasure house?
that
In fact, you can talk to your brother about this.
Then let the eldest brother talk to the emperor
Have you said it several times that you can't do it?
Do you know what Zheng Guojian is used for?
The Origin of Zheng Guojian
It was left by Immortal Yi
It wasn't clear yet.
The country that ruled here back then was called the House Country
Home country tacit understanding
Emperor Gu Qingqiu listened to traitors
No more sacrificing incense to the Immortal Dynasty
Catastrophe
It turned out to be a traitor, but it was a demon
proverb
Hey
My predecessors couldn't bear the people of the world to continue to suffer
Uprising again
According to the rest of the orders, all the way to kill demons and get rid of demons
Finally
Received the recognition of the Immortal Dynasty